Noodle (@Noodle_Developer)
Founder | Rail Operations Head
Noodle, also known as Noodle_Developer on Roblox, founded P2P in March, where he began work on Gen1. Later that year in August, Noodle collaborated with Thyssen to create Gen2. After they had finished, P2P was revamped to P2P Studios, and Noodle and Thyssen remain as the two Founders of P2P Studios, continuing to lead and develop to this day. Noodle is one of two main scripters for P2P Studios, and is leading the development of Project Odyssey, and videos.

---

Thyssen (@thyssenkrupp234)
Founder | Bus Operations Head
Thyssen started out in the transit community when he was 12, and quickly gained a bad reputation for stealing TranslinkGuy's destination setter GUI. Determined to learn from his mistakes, he began working on NextWave's revamped chassis. After a successful launch, he began work on a custom chassis named 'OCv3', however he later dropped the project after he began work on P2P's Gen2 with Noodle in August of 2024. Thyssen lead the Gen2.2 (Xceslior) project.

---

Dextro (@ashtrqwq)
Executive Team | Operations
Dextro, formerly known as ItsDestructoProz, began in Ro-State - responsible for the startup of various law enforcement groups before discovering Ro-Transit due to his passion for public transportation. With over 5+ years of experience, he has developed expertise in both management and law. His diverse background allowed him to experiment with different asset development methods building his passion for game development and design while balancing the responsibility of being a team leader.

---

Suburban (@Prebrizzle1902)
Executive Team | Modelling
Suburban, also known as Kushintinmonte1997, is a talented modeller in the North American Ro-Transit space. Suburban started off as a developer at Halifax Transit, climbing the ranks over time, and eventually replacing the now retired RobDevz. Nowadays, Suburban is making extremely realistic bus models that both P2P Studios and Halifax use, as well as developing the new Halifax Transit trained drive divison. Suburban likes photography, and his cat, Moxley.

---

Irish (@FolkOfficiall)
Executive Team | Map Development
Irish is a newer member of the community, but that hasn't stopped him from taking charge of map development. His expertise in buildings and scenery design plays a key role in making Ro-Translink as immersive as possible. With each contribution, he brings the game closer to a true 1:1 recreation. His attention to detail and dedication to realism help shape the immersion of the game, making every route feel authentic and alive.